hello YouTube it's schools
awesome awesome life Saturday and today
we have big krookodile e^x box finally
cut here I took a really long time to
get here but it's here now
Saturday's opening this has a huge
apology to to her not being around when
I open up the Garchomp box yeah but I
guess I didn't miss much so probably not
gonna miss much in this one either to be
honest but they just announced the new
rotation so good luck with that video
coming coming on how that all works
maybe they cast me off did a really
really good video so if you want to know
anything about rotation just look at our
video it's really good yeah lets the
curious fish pre release for us will be
August 10 it is the last possible day
that there is pre-roll but next month
check this out guys I'll move my tow
cards so you don't accidentally show it
code card giant okay here if I move it
way over here then you can kind of see
it well you'll Bob zippy well they want
to see the card see it's really big it's
really big it's got second bite and
mingott on the thing maybe I'll try that
putting that in my deck just see how it
works
probably not I mean it's something
anyway giant card this is really really
stiff and all right so we got umm XY
flash fire um two XY base packs and two
flash fire packs well there you go this
quick can you say X Y flash fire X Y
flash fire - fire
the only reason to really get the box
I'm try oh oh here's the normal card the
normal card yeah cookin IEX
put those two moves going straight into
my collection liner looks kind of cool
looking I mean I'm not the hugest Amanda
Krueger died out but it's cool-looking
I don't know I just like it but it's
cool-looking okay so I think what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna open one X Y then
flash fire then X Y the flash fire just
because so I'm gonna start with the last
one first
that's C so this is opening up really
nice not really expecting good poles or
anything but we'll see cool card can't
get over one two three and the two cards
down oh wait I could have just done the
three to the front next time next time
so we have Pansear chespin inkay
phantom bunnelby electrode card charm
ello me and and Ella music yeah I love
that little bit okay so this one's the
rare range yeah and since the river okay
so the rivers isn't me oh that's cute
right and the rare is a semi poor yes so
so far off to a predictable predictable
start now we're on to flash fire pack
with that pyro there I always like the
male pyro burn the female prior work
because they look more epicness okay so
this time I'm gonna move the three to
the front yeah there we go so we got
furfrou sliggoo fiery torch alright
you can always use those with the
Charizard X right pinecone yeah that's
true spheal linear II but especially on
Charizard X Caterpie helioptile vertical
whoo perfect our reverse and this one is
a nuzleaf it was kind of a stage 1
reverse and the rare is nothing good
nope nope nope nope nope love of these
lopunny yeah it's that's not bad it's
good and Weavile yeah flash fire
I personally am only missing 3 cards
from that site combustion blast
Charizard secret rare Charizard y and
see where King's done pick them assume
like 6 or 7 cards from that like a lot
of forts and stuff both of the regular
chars I actually have all the four lucky
you okay now the Sarnia stag last XY
base Peck this set is completed so for
anything I'm still missing hollows
revenant hopefully this will be a whole
lot of trevenant days in college revenue
I'm also missing four venusaur and
Filardi Belle's Hall maybe it will be a
hollow trevenant for you mr. mime a
girder professors littered skitty splink
poniard fletchling fennekin reverse
Jigglypuff that's kind of funny okay and
I rare I'm gonna get no nope not malamar
I should've guessed Malabar there's
mallomars
the more we don't have a single holiday
um the worst malamar nope no hollows all
monahon rares so last pack here we go
mega Charizard X what you think it's the
most awesome looking she's giving them
helioptile don't know what to expect but
not really expecting anything need to be
honest
so three cards to the front and off we
go
so we got all the cards over here
running away anyway magnetic storm
Sneasel protection cubes always good
card
skrelp Pony Tom sneering Esper spritzee
oh no Helia tiles um hollow piggy piggy
yeah uh Nick pitchy could be Hollow care
of it whoo my brains not awake um yeah
reverse piggy and the rarest no as this
looks right this is probably right hey
no no no no no this is right you I think
this is right you know right you in this
set but it's pleasurable this is what's
right
um okay right she's an ex-wife oh sorry
we're not married yep we got luxray
malamar anyone sitting poor it not all
rares and you know it's not terrible but
it is what I expected from this box you
know they're kind of cool-looking and
you get a giant card and you get a promo
Lee X and you get four packs but you
know the polls are not good so that'll
do it for today's package I guess don't
know if you want to call it enough CBM
or not no no no no mister sir box okay
it's a lot it is a box that was a gift
so yeah anyway hope you enjoyed this
video sorry wasn't too boring for you
and with all the you know whatever polls
and stuff so stay tuned for more